The central Fluxion is an ostensibly infinite structure spanning a wide-tract of greater space-time. 
It is a series of... connected universes, each of which hosts its own nearly infinite matter plane, each governed by slightly different laws.
Each universe is adjacent to a finite number of other universes. The adjacency being dictated by the similarity of the laws to one another.
There is a standard metric for measuring the difference between two points in the Fluxion: the Eul. A constant among nearly all points of the
central Fluxion is the existance of constants which are key in defining the specific manner in which physics is conducted at that point. The Eul
is a measure of the logarithmic difference between 2 universes constants. If a universe does not have an equivalent constant, then the constant 
is presumed to be 0 in that universe. This means that the metric of Eul only exists in reference to a pair of universes, and its calculation is
not dependent on any kind of orderining of the two universes. In terms of the use of Eul for beings in the universe, A Eul of 1 indicates that
the 2 universes are equivalent. With that in mind, a deviation on the order of 1x10⁻¹⁴ will usually cause permanent nausea, migraines or general
discomfort while occupying that universe, but without the risk of death. A deviation on the order of 1x10⁻¹² usually results in rapid and
unpleasent death, usually involving the subject dissolving on A micro or nanoscopic scale. At even higher deviations, the realities can become
so incompatible that even basic mechanical mechanisms are almost certainly guaranteed to fail spectacularly. A Eul of 2 is exceptionally high, 
however, so most universes are actually surprisingly compatible with each other. In terms of traversal between any two points in the Fluxion,
it is both conceptually simple, and practically complicated. The central Fluxion is a physical analogy of a state space, specifically the space
of all physical constants to some incredibly large and inconsistent degree of specificity. Each point in this state space has a corresponding
physical region: a universe. So to traverse the state space, one need only alter the physical constants of a body/space in one universe to the
physical constants of some other universe. There are certain metaphysics that give rise to the notion of universe adjacency, but otherwise, the
process of traversal is conceptually simple. Practically speaking, however, this process is incredibly complicated, and is not even possible at
some points in the Fluxion. At points where it is possible, it requires near complete comprehension of the physics at that point in the Fluxion.